MR. BEAN: Right. One for me...
and one for Teddy.
Good evening.
If you'd like,
follow me, sir.
This way.
Oh, here we are.
Ha, stay there.
Mmm.
Ta-da!
Is this yours?
No?
That's yours.
There we are.
Go on, dig in.
Hmm.
Hmmm...
Uh, Teddy, can I have a chip?
Are you sure?
Oh, you're too kind.
Another one?
Hmm. Go on.
Mmm.
There we go.
A spot of telly.
Come on.
MR. BEAN: God's sake!
It must be here somewhere.
Ah.
No.
Polar bears?
Oh, you'd like
to move table, sir?
Here we go.
Here you go. Ah.
Okay?
In you go!
MAN: Hey you!
Aha!
- Right.
Floor six.
- Don't cheat, man.
- Oh, come on.
Come on.
Oh, wrong floor.
Teddy. Teddy.
Are you buying this?
Oh! Oh!
- Ahem.
- It's ours.
Oh.
Eh...
Aha.
Oh.
Oh...?
WOMAN: This will do nicely.
- Gimme!
- Oh!
Ah.
Look like I can sell this.
I can sell that.
I can sell the...
This and this.
Hmm.
Huh? Hmm.
- Hello.
- Morning.
I've got others just like that.
- Ohh! Don't touch that!
- MAN: Yes, it is.
- Yes, it is.
- It's all--
- it's all I've got.
- No, no, no.
No. Let me...
Shh, be quiet.
Ohh!
Not this!
Oh.
Oh, all right.
- Teddy.
Ohhh!
Um, tell me...
Teddy!
Teddy! Teddy, come back here.
- Give me the teddy, please.
- A tenner.
MR. BEAN: Give me the teddy.
No, wait.
Give me the ted--
Gimme.
All right.
- Thank you.
- Mummy!
Now, Teddy, don't you dare
wander off like that again.
- Take it away, Guv.
- MR. BEAN: Stop! Stop! Stop!
Why didn't you
at least take the sofa?
Excuse me.
- Three.
Uh, three, uh, hundred.
Three hundred!
Excuse me.
Gangway. Gangway.
- Oh.
- Hmm.
- WOMAN: Hmm, nice.
It would go with
the coffee table, George.
- MR. BEAN: Ahhh...
- WOMAN: I like the shape,
WOMAN:
Nice with the pictures, too,
- Hello.
Uh, good morning, sir.
Good morning, madam.
- Bean.
- Uh, yes, sir.
- We're very interested in this.
Oh, the sofa. Hmm...
- I think he's surprised.
WOMAN: Is it all right?
This sofa...
smells...
No, no, no, no, no.
Whereas, this here...
Ahem, ahem.
What do you think you're doing?
WOMAN: Excuse me.
It's the cushion I want.
Oh, the cushion.
It's the cushion she wants.
Very nice choice.
Oh!
Oh, Teddy.
Out, or three hundred!
Oh.
- Cash!
- Oh. Cash.
To you, to you, to you.
Round the corner.
Okay.
- There you go.
No.
Oh, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Take the sofa away.
What?
Mr. Bean, move it.
Ohh.
Off you go.
What?
What the dickens?!
Oh.
Look at this.
All nice.
Now...
Where's that thing gone now?
Oh, no.
It's still there.
Excuse me.
I was just hoping.
I hope I-- Have you got that--
Have you got that...
Huh
- Oh, no.
Stop! Stop!
Stop! Ohh!
Why did you--
A sale is a sale.
Oh, yes.
All right, stop, stop!
MR. BEAN: Ohh.